h1. HbbTV Benchmark Suite 

A simple benchmarking Framework for HbbTV Devices.

h2. Usage

This is a Ruby on Rails application (http://rubyonrails.org/). To run
it you have to install Ruby on Rails as usual. Then you can run the
tests by visiting http://youserver/ and access a results browser via
http://youserver/test_runs.

h2. Writing Tests

Tests are situated in public/tests/ and have the following syntax:

<pre>
test(id, description, function () { 
   // Test ...
}); 
</pre>

* id a unique id for the test. 
* description a description of the test. 
* function () {...} the actual test code.

h2. Contributing

Feel free to contact me and to write tests and to send pull requests. 

h2. Licence 

Copyright (c) 2011 Gregor Weckbecker, Codevise Solutions Ltd., Bonn Germany

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
